feat(demolab): add dda lab demo for agent (health) demos/qa (#51650)
DataDog/datadog-agent: bazel/AGENTS.md

Author: @chouquette updated the bazel memory to incude your suggestion

Only add rules manually when they express something that no Gazelle extension can derive from source (e.g., integration
test targets that wire together multiple packages, or targets with non-standard attributes).

### Excluding directories from Gazelle

When a directory should not be managed by Gazelle, add a `# gazelle:exclude <path>` directive to the **root `BUILD.bazel`** rather than creating a local `BUILD.bazel` containing only `# gazelle:ignore`. The root file maintains a centralized, alphabetically-sorted exclusion list — this keeps ownership in one place and avoids cluttering subdirectories with single-directive files.

> Do not use `# keep` inside a Gazelle-managed rule unless Gazelle would actually remove that rule without it (e.g., a test target whose source file is not discovered automatically). When adding a new package that is not Gazelle-managed, add the `# gazelle:exclude` line in the root `BUILD.bazel` at the correct alphabetical position within the existing list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not use `# keep` inside a Gazelle-managed rule unless Gazelle would actually remove that rule without it (e.g., a test target whose source file is not discovered automatically). When adding a package that can't be built with bazel due to unmigrated dependencies, add the `# gazelle:exclude` line in the root `BUILD.bazel` at the correct alphabetical position within the existing list.
```

Author: Thank you!
